Kuldeep Sharma
149, Mai Bateshwar, Agra (U.P.) Mob: +91-7678107639
Email: kuldeepsharmamai@gmail.com


Career Objective
A Professional Challenging Career which will provide opportunities for continuous growth and learning with a dynamic organization that values individual contribution. To work with full dedication, gaining professional skills, competence, and excellence that will develop my personality and enrich my experience.
Professional Qualifications
B.Sc. in Computer Science from Dayalbagh University (U.P.), 2020
Technical Skills
Web Technologies: Angular, AngularJS, Angular Material, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Typescript, NgRx/RxJs, Express.js/Node.js, Capacitor.js, REST API
Databases: MySQL, MongoDB
Development IDE: Visual Studio Code
Version Control Tools: GIT, Azure DevOps
Work Experience
Walking Tree Technologies
Software Engineer Oct 2023 - Present
Developed and maintained web applications using Angular.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.
Improved application performance and implemented security measures.
Working on new latest app using Ngrx, Skote theme with Angular 17.
Hansa Info Solutions (OKS Group)
Software Developer Jun 2021 - Sept 2023
Created dynamic and interactive web applications using Angular and Angular.
Participated in the design and development of Restful APIs.
Fixed bugs and optimized code for better performance.
OKS Education Pvt. Ltd.
IT Trainee
Jun 2020 - May 2021
Assisted in the development of web applications.
Conducted testing and debugging of software applications.
Gained experience in various web technologies and development practices.


Education
B.Sc. (Computer Science), Dayalbagh University - 2020
Intermediate, CBSE - 2016
High School, CBSE - 2014


Projects
Project 1: User Management and Performance Dashboards (June 2021 - Oct 2023)
Environment: Angular, Angular Material, HTML, Typescript, CSS, Bootstrap, SQL, Node.js
Developed a website for an ed-tech startup for user management and performance dashboards.
Implemented various functionalities and modules.
Created UI components and fixed bugs.
Developed a User Subscription Model and backend APIs.
Added "Forgot Password" functionality and data export to Excel.
Project 2: Upgrade and Maintenance Tool (June 2020 - May 2021)
Environment: Angular, Angular Material, HTML, Typescript, CSS, Bootstrap, SQL, Node.js, MongoDb
Merged functionalities from previous websites for user management.
Developed new UI components and fixed bugs.
Migrated user registration from Liferay to the company’s server.
URL: https://dev.marksharksplus.com
Project 3: FracPro (App for Managing users & operations over the globe) (Oct 2023 - Jul 2024 )
Environment: Angular, Angular Material, HTML, Typescript, CSS, Bootstrap, Chart.js
Worked on various module enhancement like pricing, user roles, widgets.
Developed new UI components and fixed bugs in US based app.
Worked on integration of different modules to help operations, manage users, forecasting data.

Project 4: FracProPlus (Angular 17 project using Skote Theme) (Sep 2024 - Now )
Environment: Angular 17, Angular Material, HTML, Typescript, NgRx, CSS, Bootstrap
Worked on module like Profile, Job Tables, Dashboard using Skote theme design with NgRx.
Developed new UI components as per the Fig-ma and theme library.
Worked on API integration on REST API as well as third party library and connect apps.



Key Skills
Accuracy and Attention to detail
Self-motivated with high energy levels
Decision making and critical thinking
Organizing and planning
Adaptability and ability to work under pressure


Declaration
I, Kuldeep Sharma, hereby declare that the information given in this CV is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Date: 01/12/2024 Place: Agra Kuldeep Sharma